# Sayed_and_The_Machines

Sayed has a distributed system that consists of multiple machines. Each machine requires a specific amount of RAM, CPU and Disk units in order to run. So for example, Sayed knows that a single machine might need 5 units of RAM (let’s call that R), 2 units of CPU (let’s call that C) and 1 unit of disk space (let’s call that D) to run. The cluster Sayed is working with has a maximum capacity of NR RAM units, NC CPU units and ND disk units.

After Sayed was helped to find the maximum number of machines he can have based on the requirements and the cluster capacity. But unfortunately, the numbers are not good. So Sayed went to management and got a budget approved to purchase extra RAM, CPU and Disk resources in order to get a higher number of machines. So again, given a machine requires R RAM, C CPU and D Disk to run, and given that the current cluster capacity is NR RAM units, NC CPU units and ND disk units. And this time, we are also given the price of a RAM unit (PR), the price of a CPU unit(PC ) and the price of a Disk unit (PD) and the total budget Sayed has is N dollars. Help Sayed figure out the maximum number of machines he can run in his cluster using the new budget he has.
 
First line of input contains an integer T representing the number of test cases, then T test cases follow. The first line of each test case contains 3 integers R, C, D representing the requirements needed by each machine to run for RAM, CPU and Disk units respectively. The second line of each test case contains 3 integers NR, NC , ND representing the maximum capacity for RAM, CPU and Disk units available in the cluster respectively. The third line of each test case contains 3 integers PR, PC , PD representing the price of a single RAM, CPU or Disk unit respectively. The forth line of each test case contains a single integer N representing the budget that Sayed has to buy extra resources.